Personal and Professional 
Development programme 
for learners
2018/2019
www.actuaries.org.uk July 2018
2
Contents
What is the Personal and Professional Development programme? 1
Who has to complete Personal and Professional Development? 2
What do I need to do? 3
Monitoring your PPD 6
Personal and Professional Development (PPD) 8
 1. Effective communications 
 2. Problem solving and decision making 
 3. Professionalism  
Website screen samples 13What is the Personal and 
Professional Development 
programme?
Personal and Professional Development (PPD) is a key component of the IFoA 
actuarial qualifications. To become an Associate or Fellow you need to successfully 
complete PPD as well as the IFoA examinations and professionalism components.
1Why is PPD important?
To work effectively as an IFoA qualified actuary, you need to 
develop your skills in the workplace.
•	PPD allows you to demonstrate how you have applied in 
practice the knowledge and skills you have gained through 
the IFoA examinations. 
•	Developed your understanding of the business environment, 
and how to work within a professional and ethical framework
•	Understood the need for continuing development of yourself 
and your skills, and to reflect on the quality of your work and 
how you can improve in the future.
PPD is designed to make the work related element an integral 
part of your ongoing learning experience. It brings the 
requirement into closer alignment with the CPD scheme.
It should be noted that:
•	You may have some requirements to meet under the  
CPD Scheme. These have to be completed in addition to  
your PPD
•	The Professional Skills Training you have to complete under 
the CPD scheme cannot be used to meet the requirements  
of PPD. 
There are three elements to completing PPD:
•	Satisfying a number of core competencies under three  
key objectives
•	Maintaining a record of formal learning activities undertaken
•	Demonstrating the learning gained from completing  
these activities.
Who has to complete 
Personal and Professional 
Development?
 All student members who joined after 1 September 2017 are required to  
complete PPD
 All student members who joined prior to this date are subject to a transition  
from the previous scheme they were on and need to have moved onto PPD by  
1 September 2018 or their next anniversary of joining the IFoA
 PPD is now an annual requirement for all student members.
2If you are on parental leave, taking a career break, not working 
in an actuarially relevant role or are not currently employed you 
will need to contact the IFoA on an annual basis to discuss your 
particular situation as to whether a break can be logged. 
Wherever you work it is important to look for opportunities 
to meet your PPD requirements. To become an Associate 
of the IFoA you need to complete a minimum of 12 months’ 
work experience. To become a Fellow you need to complete 
a minimum of 36 months work experience. Ideally you should 
be in a role where most of your time is spent on activities and 
tasks which are actuarially relevant.
If your role only includes a proportion of time on actuarial 
activities or tasks then these can still count towards your 
experience. For example if qualifying as an Associate and you 
spend 33% of your time on actuarial tasks then you could claim 
four months out of a possible twelve as relevant time. 
What do I need to do?
Each year you are required to submit PPD. This is recorded in your online members 
account My PPD and can be completed on an ongoing basis. Whilst recording your 
activities it is advisable to discuss them with your line manager or supervisor as 
they may be contacted to verify the information is accurate. 
3Objectives and competencies
There are three objectives that have to be completed. These 
set the minimum standards you need to demonstrate in the 
workplace. Writing the activity description  
(250 characters limit)
The description should be a concise explanation and overview 
of the activity you are referencing. You are not required to 
provide a detailed account of the task, only a broad description. 
You can provide additional information in the ‘Learning 
Outcome’ section, however the emphasis should be on what 
you learned from undertaking the work.
When completing your description you should: 
•	Be concise and avoid using jargon or abbreviations unless 
they have been explained
•	Avoid repeating information or making reference to other 
descriptions.
As a guide someone who is not familiar with your work should 
be able to understand what you gained by undertaking the 
piece of work or task. 
The tables (provided at Appendix 1) give examples of activities 
that may address the competencies but it is not an exhaustive list. 
Writing the learning outcome  
(1024 characters limit)
The learning outcome is where we expect to see the main 
body of detail for the submission. We would expect to see 
each submission between 100-200 words. The learning 
outcome should be a more descriptive and self-reflective piece, 
describing what learning or development you took from that 
particular activity and how you will use that learning in the 
future. This ‘reflection’ is an important business skill which you 
will need to develop throughout your professional career.
On the next page are some examples of what a learning 
outcome could contain:Each of these objectives has a number of competencies, 
some of which are compulsory. Each competency carries 
a value of 1 or 2 credits. These weightings reflect the 
importance attached to each objective. 
To show how you have addressed a competency, you will be 
required to enter a full description of the activity, followed 
by a description of the learning experience gained. The 
description gives you the opportunity to summarise and 
reflect on the work activity. Effective communications
Problem solving and 
decision making
Professionalism4You do not have to include all of the above in each learning 
outcome, but should contain at least one reflective element in 
each submission. 
Undertake formal learning 
In addition to logging your credits, you will need to record 
at least two hours of Formal Learning and Development 
activities each year within your PPD Records. These must be 
unconnected with the actuarial exams and activities you have Learning outcome Approach
Explain how this activity has contributed to your personal 
development.Answers should:
•	Be specific to the activity
•	Make reference to the relevant skillset (communications, 
problem-solving/decision-making and/or professionalism)
•	Be measurable
•	Be clearly described
•	Have clear relevance to the activity
•	Not be identical to answers elsewhere
What were the key factors of success for the activity Factors must be:
•	Specific
•	Measurable
•	Clearly described
•	Clearly evidencing success, eg by referencing to the 
objectives of the task
•	Not be identical to answers elsewhere
Set out any elements of the activity which were not 
successful, indicating what could be done differently  
next timePoints should be:
•	Specific
•	Clearly described
•	Show a clear understanding of the issues identified
•	Not be identical to answers elsewhere
If your work was peer reviewed, outline the feedback received 
and comment on how you will take this into consideration 
next timePoints should be:
•	Specific to the task
•	With clear, corresponding comments on how to address the 
issues raised
Outline, with examples, any elements of your working 
practice which you will review as a result of this activityPoints should:
•	Clearly relate to working practice
•	Include examples specific to the activity undertaken
Explain any training or development requirements you have 
identified as a result of undertaking this activityPoints should:
•	Relate specifically to the activity
•	Be accompanied with example of the sort of training/
development activity identified
recorded to meet the requirement of the CPD Scheme. Such 
activities can include attendance at meetings of local actuarial 
societies, technical and business presentations, company 
arranged training, as well as that provided by external providers
These will need to be logged within your PPD portal in the 
same format as the other competencies, where we would 
expect you to describe the Activity and then discuss what your 
Learning Outcome was from undertaking that Formal Learning. What if I am undertaking CPD requirements?
If you have CPD requirements under the CPD scheme then you 
will be required to complete these as well as the PPD. Both of 
these can be recorded under the My Account section of the 
IFoA website under the relevant sections.
       To qualify as an Associate
Minimum months of recorded PPD 12 (1 Year) 
Minimum number of credits 10
Minimum number of credits submitted per year 3
Formal learning hours submitted per year 2
All Mandatory competencies submitted Yes
       To qualify as a Fellow
Minimum months of PPD Recorded 36 (3 Years) 
Minimum number of credits 20
Minimum number of credits submitted per year 3
Formal learning hours submitted per year 2
All Mandatory competencies submitted Yes
Your PPD is an annual requirement which all students must 
complete. However, you may be eligible to have a ‘break’ in 
your PPD recording if you are not in an Actuarial role, parental 
leave, illness or if you believe your current situation means 
you cannot complete PPD. Please contact Education Services 
to discuss your situation. 
5What happens if you have completed the 
minimum requirement?
If you have completed the minimum period of work experience 
but have not yet passed all the exams, you will continue to 
complete annual PPD submissions until you qualify. If you 
complete the exams part way through your PPD year then a 
PPD submission will be required for each full month of that 
year. For example if you pass your final exam in July and your 
PPD year runs Feb to January, a completion of February to 
June will be required. 
What should these later PPD submissions 
contain?
The submissions should continue throughout your entire IFoA 
student journey to record the objectives and competencies 
addressed, the learning experiences gained and the formal 
training you have undertaken.
It is expected that you will continue to address different areas 
of development and that competencies will not be duplicated 
except in exceptional circumstances. If you have addressed 
every competency but continue to make PPD submissions, 
please contact Education Services ( education.services@
actuaries.org.uk ) for advice in the first instance.
Monitoring your PPD
6What is a PPD year?
A PPD year will run from the day and month you joined the 
IFoA for twelve months. It is your responsibility to complete 
your PPD. For example if you joined the IFoA on 1st April then 
your PPD year will run from 1st April to 31st March and you 
must have completed your records by midnight (BST/GMT)  
on 31st March.
What if I am taking a career break or have a 
gap in my actuarial employment?
If you are on parental leave, perhaps taking a career break, or 
not working in an actuarial relevant role you should contact the 
IFoA to inform us of your situation and log a break. Students 
cannot log a break themselves and it is your responsibility to 
inform the IFoA if you cannot meet your annual requirements.
How does the IFoA monitor my PPD?
The IFoA conducts a PPD audit each month to monitor the 
quality of the PPD process and to maintain the standards.  
You may be selected for a PPD audit one month after your  
PPD deadlined has passed.
Wherever available, you should keep evidence or proof of how 
you met the competencies, until you have been confirmed as an 
Associate or Fellow. This could take the form of presentations, 
memos or written reports, or certificate of attendance as 
examples of the activity you are referencing. If your record is 
selected then you maybe expected to provide some evidence 
of your activities.
Do I need a supervisor?
All students will need a line-manager or supervisor to discuss 
their PPD records with. They do not need to a qualified Actuary. 
The IFoA reviewer may need to confirm information with a 
supervisor who is supporting your development and experience 
gained in the workplace. 
You can have more than one individual to support you in 
achieving the different objectives and competencies but  
you must not have a friend or relative to avoid any conflict  
of interest. You must discuss your intended submissions with your 
supervisor as part of your professional development and record 
on each submission that you have discussed it with them. You 
are not required to record your supervisor on the system but 
you are expected to provide contact details if you are selected 
for audit. 
If you are self employed then you will still be able to complete 
the PPD requirements but you need to make the IFoA aware of 
this so appropriate support can be provided.  
What happens if some of the work that you 
have covered is confidential to your company?
You may cover some of the Objectives and Competencies 
of PPD while you undertake work that is confidential or 
commercially sensitive. 
In these cases, if you are unable to fully describe how you have 
met a competency or competencies, please include as much 
detail of the activity and learning experience as possible and 
note the reason for any gaps in your submission. Our reviewers 
may confirm this with your supervisor so please ensure you 
have discussed this with them before submitting your PPD.
Changing jobs
If you are changing jobs you should complete the online PPD 
submissions to cover your training and development during 
the period you are working for your existing employer. This will 
help your new supervisor know what you have done so far as 
part of your training.
You need to make sure that you have discussed your PPD with 
your supervisor before you leave as we may follow up any 
queries with your submissions with them.
What if I fail to complete the annual PPD 
requirements?
As part of the audit process the IFoA will identify those 
students who have not completed the required PPD and will 
contact them using the information held on our membership 
database. It is your responsibility to keep your PPD and contact 
details updated. There are specific penalties if students do not meet their 
annual requirements once their PPD deadline has passed:
1. Failure to complete the annual requirements will result in an 
incremental non-compliance fee of up to £200 to submit any 
additional logs once your deadline has passed.
2. If students continue to fail to meet their previous years 
PPD requirements 3 months after their initial PPD deadline 
has passed, then they risk being suspended from their 
examinations. 
3. If after 12 months, or at the next passing of the PPD deadline 
students have not met the annual requirements for 2 years 
(24 months) then their IFoA student membership maybe 
revoked. 
Students who miss or cannot meet their PPD deadline must 
contact Education Services  education.services@actuaries.
org.uk  at the soonest possible opportunity to discuss their 
situation.  
Final completion of PPD
Once you have completed your exams, professional 
requirements and believe that you have met the requirements 
of PPD you need to obtain final sign off that you meet the 
requirements to become an Associate or Fellow. 
What do I need to submit?
The IFoA requires a completed final sign off form along with 
the appropriate fee. This should be sent electronically to 
Education services ( education.services@actuaries.org.uk ) 
Who signs off the final form?
This must be completed by a Fellow of the IFoA or of an 
actuarial association recognised by the International Actuarial 
Association (IAA), such as the Society of Actuaries or the 
Institute of Actuaries of India who are familiar with your work 
and progress.
If you work for an organisation which does not employ any 
Fellows, you should contact Education Services. 
What happens then?
Once the IFoA are in receipt of your final sign off form and 
appropriate fee a review of your completed PPD submissions 
takes place. Should supplementary evidence be required to 
support your application the IFoA will contact you directly. 
When the IFoA is satisfied that you have met the requirements 
to become an Associate or Fellow, you will be sent a transfer 
document for completion. 
7Transition from previous work 
experience requirements 
Working for an accredited employer
The Accredited Work-based Skills Employer scheme will 
end with the implementation of the PPD programme 
in 2018. Your employer will provide you with details of 
what arrangements have been agreed with the IFoA.  
In the transition, any time completed under the 
Accredited Employer scheme will count towards your 
final qualification and your employer will provide you 
with the signed off element.
Work-based Skills learning logs
The Work-based Skills scheme will end with the 
implementation of the Personal and Professional 
Development programme. Details of the transition 
requirements are available on the IFoA website. Any 
relevant time completed under the Work-based Skills 
scheme will count towards your final qualification
Work experience requirement for  
Institute members 1975-2004 
The work experience requirement will end with the 
implementation of the PPD programme. 
Any time completed under the work experience 
requirement will count towards your final qualification.
Faculty Members
Students who joined the IFoA prior to 1 July 2004 will 
move to the PPD requirements from September 2018 
onwards. They will then be required to complete their 
PPD submissions from the anniversary of their joining 
date within 2018. 
For example, if you joined the IFoA in January <2004, 
your PPD will run from January 2018 to January 2019. 
There is no requirement to complete the 12 or 36 months 
PPD for the classes of Associate and Fellow if the 
assessments and professionalism are completed by the 
Qualifier deadline of 2018. Do I have the right to appeal?
Details of our appeal policy can be found on our website:
www.actuaries.org.ukPersonal and Professional 
Development (PPD)
Competencies and credits requirements for Fellows and Associates. 
8PPD competencies are split into three key categories. Each 
competency carries a credit weighting of one or two and credit 
values will be weighted in favour of the most critical aspects of 
professional development.
Minimum  
creditsMinimum per 
yearFormal learning 
per year
Associate 10 3 2
Fellow 20 3 2
Associates and Fellows must complete all the mandatory 
competencies prior to qualification. Students are encouraged to complete a broad range of 
competencies across all three categories. It is expected that 
competencies will not be duplicated for the same activity 
annually. 
The PPD tables below, include examples of activities that 
demonstrate each competency. These examples are by no 
means exhaustive, students are encouraged to reflect on the 
activities that form their day-to-day work, consider what 
competencies they demonstrate, and log them accordingly. 
Students should ensure that the activities they log are 
substantial enough to demonstrate the competence.
1Effective communications
Competency Credits Mandatory Examples of activity
 1.1 Present the results 
of actuarial work to 
informed but non-
technical audiences2 Yes •	Explain technical concepts to non-actuarial business colleagues or 
clients (on a formal or informal basis)
•	Draft results letters or reports of actuarial projects to internal or 
external clients
•	Deliver a presentation of actuarial work to internal or external 
stakeholders
1.2 Use appropriate 
techniques to produce 
effective oral and written 
communications1 No •	Prepare communications using different media for various audiences 
on non-actuarial topics
•	Participate in careers presentations
•	Participate in recruitment programmes/interviews
•	Prepare or present marketing literature for own firm
•	Participate in new business pitchesObjectives, competencies and credits for Fellows and Associates. 1.3 Prepare effective 
technical 
communications for 
professional audiences 
of peers, managers and 
clients2 No •	Prepare internal reports on technical projects for actuarial audiences
•	Draft procedures documents for technical colleagues, eg transfer value 
calculation procedures
•	Prepare slides for a technical presentation to be delivered by you or 
someone else
 1.4 Provide comprehensive 
summaries of technical 
actuarial results1 No •	Summarise the results of an actuarial model
 1.5 Produce effective 
executive summaries 2 No •	Summarise the key points from a detailed report, eg as a briefing note 
for a manager or in a letter to a client
 1.6 Contribute to actuarial 
reports for regulators1 No •	Prepare an actuarial report for a regulator, eg on pension scheme 
funding
 1.7 Peer review a colleague’s 
actuarial work and 
produce a summary of 
the conclusions2 No •	Provide written or oral feedback to a colleague after peer reviewing 
their work
•	Summarise key points raised in the light of a peer review including any 
action points needed
•	Discuss the results of a peer review with the colleague who originally 
prepared the work
 1.8 Discuss work projects 
with clients, before 
proceeding, to ensure 
you fully understand the 
objectives1 No •	Participate in initial meetings with clients at the start of a project
•	Prepare draft project agreements for clients before embarking on a project
 1.9 Evaluate whether 
messages have 
been effectively 
communicated to 
audiences2 No •	Follow up with recipients after communication has been delivered to 
confirm their understanding
•	Analyse feedback received from audience (oral communications) or 
recipients (written communications)
•	Prepare list of action points for improvement following feedback from 
audience or recipients
 1.10 Evaluate whether the 
extent of any uncertainty 
has been communicated 
appropriately2 No •	Follow up with recipients after communication has been delivered to 
confirm their understanding
•	Perform self-analysis after delivery of communication targeting 
specifically whether uncertainty was communicated effectively
•	Analyse feedback from recipients on their understanding of the 
uncertainty in a communication 
 1.11 Prepare permanent 
documentation for 
defined work products1 No •	Prepare documentation recording processes performed and decisions 
made and judgement exercised in the course of an actuarial project 
(such as file notes)
1.12 Prepare communication 
plans1 No •	Draft a formal plan for delivering a significant oral presentation such  
as the presentation of reserving results
•	Draft a formal plan for delivering communications to a range  
of audiences
•	Prepare and deliver training to colleagues or external stakeholders 
(such as trustee training).
92Problem solving and decision making
Competency Credits Mandatory Examples of activity
 2.1 Analyse and prioritise 
stakeholder needs when 
designing solutions2 Yes •	Prepare notes for a project planning meeting incorporating the client’s 
key objectives
•	Identify the client and their needs and other stakeholders and their 
interests in the project
•	Consider budgetary constraints when planning a project
•	Prepare a project plan and budget
•	Plan a project to perform a non-standard piece of work for a specific 
client, noting how the approach to take was determined.
•	Design a solution for a specified purpose, for example designing a 
specific insurance product
2.2 Analyse and validate a 
data set for a model1 No •	Produce appropriate summaries of a dataset.
•	Perform checks on data with appropriate consideration of tolerances
2.3 Build or specify a model, 
applying actuarial 
principles and methods 
to solve problems1 No •	Build a spreadsheet to calculate projected retirement benefits
•	Use a statistical package to analyse correlations between various  
risk factors
2.4 Analyse and validate the 
results from a model2 No •	Perform independent checks to validate the results of a model
•	Analyse the implications of the results of a model from the perspective 
of the client (internal or external)
 2.5 Evaluate whether all 
material factors have 
been considered when 
designing a solution2 No •	Review a model you have designed or built to analyse whether all 
material factors have been considered
•	Peer review a model designed by a business colleague
 2.6 Evaluate whether current 
team’s actuarial skills are 
sufficient to complete 
the work assignment 
appropriately1 No •	Analyse strengths and weaknesses in the team assigned to a project
•	Analyse your own skills and strengths to understand your role in  
a team
 2.7 Distinguish between 
material and immaterial 
factors in a model1 No •	Perform sensitivity tests on models
•	Explain why a factor was deemed immaterial and therefore excluded 
from a model
 2.8 Evaluate the success of a 
project and understand 
the reasons2 No •	Seek and analyse feedback from stakeholders once a project has  
been completed
•	Analyse a project which was not effective to understand where 
mistakes were made and why.
•	Demonstrate, for a successful project, how a clear strategy aided  
that success 
10 2.9 Demonstrate an 
understanding of an 
effective decision-
making process1 No •	Use common project management techniques in your work.
•	Construct a decision-making process for a specific project
2.10 Demonstrate an ability to 
use teamwork and time 
management to produce 
better outcomes1 No •	Delegate tasks to appropriate colleagues
•	Manage your work effectively to prioritise tasks appropriately
•	Inform stakeholders and restructure the project plan if anticipated 
deadlines may not be met
3Professionalism
Competency Credits Mandatory Examples of activity
 3.1 Demonstrate an 
understanding of the 
role of professional and 
ethical standards in an 
actuary’s work2 Yes •	Explain the role of professional and ethical standards in an actuary’s 
work to an internal or external stakeholder
•	Describe to internal or external stakeholders how you monitor changes 
to professional standards and standards of practice
•	Attend and participate in meetings to discuss updates to professional 
standards
•	Draft processes for following professional actuarial standards
•	Prepare updates for internal or external stakeholders when standards 
are issued or amended
•	Prepare templates for reports which comply with professional standards
•	Prepare training documents for business colleagues on professional 
standards
•	Demonstrate compliance with relevant standards by performing and 
documenting checks on specific pieces of work.
•	Explain, for a project, to an internal and/or external stakeholder any ethical 
considerations such as conflicts of interests which arose, how they were 
resolved or what action was taken when they could not be resolved
•	Demonstrate an understanding of the difference between ethics 
(personal code of conduct) and professional standards and how to 
resolve any conflicts, for example working for a client whose business 
conflicts with your own personal ethics
3.2 Demonstrate an 
understanding of the 
role of peer review in 
professional work2 Yes •	Determine whether a work review should be applied to a piece of work 
and, if so, whether the review should be undertaken independently
•	Justify, to internal or external stakeholders, the decision whether or not 
to apply a work review and the type of review
•	Assess your own level of competency and expertise when undertaking 
a review of someone else’s work, demonstrating an appropriate level of 
objectivity
•	Explain, to internal or external stakeholders, an actuary’s professional 
responsibilities on reviewing actuarial work.
•	Peer review a piece of work against the requirements of the 
profession’s practice standards, eg cross-check a report or model 
against the relevant TAS documents.
•	Document and communicate clearly the conclusions of a peer review 
you have performed
kk
11 3.3 Demonstrate an 
understanding of the 
role of a professional 
body1 No •	Describe the role of a professional body to an internal or external 
stakeholder
•	Participate in the volunteer activities of a professional body
 3.4 Demonstrate an 
understanding of an 
actuary’s obligations to 
clients, regulators and 
the public1 No •	Explain, to internal or external stakeholders, your obligations as an 
actuary to clients, regulators and the public.
•	Draft or review a letter of engagement for a client
•	Draft an article on a public interest issue
 3.5 Demonstrate an 
understanding of 
your professional 
responsibility to the 
public interest1 No •	Explain, to internal or external stakeholders, the processes to follow in 
the event of a conflict between the public interest and other interests.
•	Explain, to internal or external stakeholders, the processes to follow on 
discovery of possible non-compliance, including an understanding of 
confidentiality requirements
•	Discuss with senior colleagues the requirements the Actuaries Code 
places on actuaries to maintain the public interest.
•	Undertake training on a relevant topic, eg speaking up on the public 
interest.
•	Draft or review your firm’s policy on speaking out (whistleblowing)
3.6 Demonstrate an 
understanding of 
the importance of 
confidentiality1 No •	Apply appropriate use of security for confidential documents to ensure 
they are accessible only to appropriate or authorised users 
3.7 Understand policies and 
procedures intended 
to prevent professional 
misconduct1 No •	Undertake training on a relevant topic, eg bribery
•	Draft training documents on professional conduct
•	Discuss professional conduct issues with a senior colleague in the 
context of a current assignment.
•	Describe a situation that could have led to professional misconduct and 
the action that was taken to prevent it
3.8 Manage your own 
personal professional 
development plan1 No •	Evaluate the current level of your own professional development 
before accepting an actuarial work assignment
•	Identify areas for professional development and seek appropriate 
training or reading material 
•	Produce a continuing professional development plan
•	Monitor your development objectives and discuss them with your 
manager
•	Prepare a list of development objectives and discuss them with your 
manager
•	Analyse the effectiveness of your personal professional development 
plan
3.9 Justify professional 
opinion in the face of 
questioning1 No •	Explain the reasoning behind decisions requiring judgement in a robust 
manner.
•	Provide robust arguments where professional opinion was used
•	Discuss reasoning behind professional opinion, when work or decisions 
are peer reviewed and/or challenged
12PPD website portal 
Main account page: 
13
My PPD summary page (no records): 
14
My PPD summary page (with records):
15
My PPD detailed report:  
16
Add a new PPD record:  
17
Edit PPD record: 
18
www.actuaries.org.uk
© 2018 Institute and Faculty of ActuariesBeijing
14F China World Office 1 · 1 Jianwai Avenue · Beijing · China 100004  
Tel: +86 (10) 6535 0248
Edinburgh
Level 2 · Exchange Crescent · 7 Conference Square · Edinburgh · EH3 8RA  
Tel: +44 (0) 131 240 1300 · Fax: +44 (0) 131 240 1313
Hong Kong
1803 Tower One · Lippo Centre · 89 Queensway · Hong Kong  
Tel: +852 2147 9418
London (registered office)
7th Floor · Holborn Gate · 326-330 High Holborn · London · WC1V 7PP  
Tel: +44 (0) 20 7632 2100 · Fax: +44 (0) 20 7632 2111
Oxford
1st Floor · Park Central · 40/41 Park End Street · Oxford · OX1 1JD  
Tel: +44 (0) 1865 268 200 · Fax: +44 (0) 1865 268 211
Singapore
163 Tras Street · #07-05 Lian Huat Building · Singapore 079024  
Tel: +65 6906 0889